c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MySql.Web.v20.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ClassLibrary1.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ClassLibrary1.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.dll.config
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ClassLibrary1.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MySql.Web.v20.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ClassLibrary1.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\chelenix\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.pdb
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.dll.config
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.pdb
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ClassLibrary1.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MySql.Web.v20.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ClassLibrary1.pdb
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Downloads\23\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.pdb
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.dll.config
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.pdb
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ClassLibrary1.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MySql.Web.v20.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ClassLibrary1.pdb
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Test\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.pdb
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.dll.config
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.pdb
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ClassLibrary1.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MySql.Web.v20.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ClassLibrary1.pdb
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\Project\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.pdb
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.dll.config
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.pdb
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ClassLibrary1.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MySql.Web.v20.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ClassLibrary1.pdb
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Documents\GitHub\ElectronicJournal\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.pdb
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.dll.config
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MVCTestPfile.pdb
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ClassLibrary1.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MySql.Data.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MySql.Fabric.Plugin.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\MySql.Web.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Spatial.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebGrease.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ClassLibrary1.pdb
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Spatial.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\obj\Debug\MVCTestPfile.pdb
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Mono.Math.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\Mono.Math.xml
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
e:\ElectronicJournal-master\MVCTestPfile\MVCTestPfile\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
